Explore the world of Dhayavar looking for your brother Andor in this quest-driven fantasy RPG inspired by old-school classics.

Battle monsters in turn-based combat, become stronger through level ups and skills, choose from a wide range of equipment, interact with numerous NPCs, visit shops, inns and taverns, search for treasure, and solve quests to follow the trail of your brother and uncover the secrets of the powers at play in Dhayavar. With luck, you may even find a legendary item!

You can currently visit up to 584 maps and complete up to 82 quests.

The game is completely free. There is no payment to install, no ads, no in-app purchases, and no DLCs. There is no internet access required, and it can run on all versions of Android from 1.6 (Eclair), so it should run on any device, even low-end oldies.

Andor's Trail is open-source software, released under the GPL v2 license.
You can get the sources from https://github.com/AndorsTrailRelease/andors-trail

Game translation is crowd-sourced on https://hosted.weblate.org/translate/andors-trail

Andor's Trail is a work in progress, and while there is a lot of content to play, the game isn't completed. You can participate in the development or give ideas on our forums too!

If you wish to participate, we have released a content editor called ATCS, downloadable for free from www.andorstrail.com that makes it possible for anyone to create new material and expand the game, with no coding required! If you like the game, you can join others that have already created some of the content in the current release. You can see your own ideas come to life in a game that hundreds of thousands of people have played!
*This requires a PC (Windows or Linux) or a Mac. See the forums for details regarding content creation.

Visit our forums on www.andorstrail.com for help, hints, tips and general discussion. We love our community's feedback!

Changelog:

v0.7.12
Changes in the start village Crossglen to make it even more fun and easier in the beginning
4 new quests and one enhanced quest
4 new maps
New weapon class "Pole arm weapons" and fighting style
When dpad is active (both visible and not minimized), normal touch-based movement is prevented
Various small changes and bug fixes
Translations actualized

v0.7.11
A new city located east of Loneford
Seven new quests
37 new maps
One new extraordinary item by rare drop
Remember Bonemeal is illegal - And now there are consequences for its possession
Various bug fixes - Burhczyd fix
Translations actualized

v0.7.10
Weapon Rebalancing
Rebalancing of level 1 to 5 rewards
A new skill, "The way of the monk" and some equipment
Sorting of quest logs by time
Fixes for monster difficulty
Better explanation for permissions
Conversation will not close when you click outside of dialogues
Fix toast crashes (e.g. after fights)
Fix listener crashes
Fix Mapchange crashes
Fix minor bugs and typos
Translations actualized

v0.7.9
For a better overview you can now reduce the view to 75% or 50%
A certain person has found another, rather unfrequented tavern
Fixed the Arulir crashes
Fixed Ukrainian language crash and change language crash on older phones
Updated translations

v0.7.8
A few new quests and several new maps.

For new characters you can choose one of the new hardcore modes: No Saves, Limited Lives, or Permadeath.

Up to now, languages have been limited to English or your local language, as determined by your device settings. Now you can choose between different languages that are translated to a significant extent.

v0.7.7
Content:
 	Fixed typos

Translations:
 	Fixed issues with translations integration in 0.7.6
 	Fixed crashes for Greek players

v0.7.6
Content
 	Three quests with well known thieves.
 	Five new maps.

Translations:
 	100% Italian, Polish, Russian, Spanish
 	99% German
 	87% Portuguese
 	84% Portuguese Brazil
 	65% Basque
 	64% French
 	48% Hungarian
 	20% Czech
 	20% Turkish
